Update accelerated-networking-overview.md for custom Linux VM images (#109857)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-network/accelerated-networking-overview.md

EOF 
```

>[!NOTE]

> >It is strongly advised that custom images do not run competing network inteface software (ifupdown and networkd, etc.) and do not run dhcpclient directly on multiple interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>It is strongly advised that custom images do not run competing network interface software (such as ifupdown and networkd) and do not run dhcpclient directly on multiple interfaces.
```
Fixing typo, Microsoft style
